good morning afternoon or evening
minecraft is its music technician
Harrigan and I'm showing you another
server plugin minecraft this one is
called the arrow trails plugin and if I
shoot an arrow over this way you can see
I've just got the normal arif affect the
moment if I go trail and why go fire
nice shootin arrow you can see it now
has a particle effect behind it it's a
fire particle effect is easier to see if
her if you shoot one straight up then
you what you come down again and you'll
see it gets the fire particle behind it
and the next we'll lose the end of
particle this one's quite cool look at
this one that's pretty cool let me shoot
one straight up so I so you can kind of
see it coming back down it comes yeah
it's pretty awesome mountain the next
one is the smoke so here we go cool cool
quite like this one as well this one do
quite well if you had them maybe arrows
that bows and arrows retextured is guns
maybe dinner a big that look quite good
so this makes quite a good one next one
these are next to earth there's one bad
thing about them and that's the fact
that they make your sound as well when
the sound can get quite annoying maybe
this this could be quite annoying
goodness now if you if you're shooting
in you that sounds all the time
shoot up so you can see it coming back
down you can see the trail there we go
and the last one which is so this one
makes the explosion sound as well yeah
but this one the trailer you can
actually see quite fun actually it seems
to sort of last longer than all the
other particle see it go all the way up
and then pretty much all the way back
down that's people and if you don't want
to have these trails on you can just go
trail none and you'll be reset to normal
hours okay like so that our so this
would be sort of a good mod for maybe
letting VIPs have be being niacin but
anyway if you like this go download it
leave a thumbs up and I'll see you next
time guys bye bye